# Introduction/Overview

1) Request Workflow | Authentication -> Authorization -> Admission
2) Connect to API in different ways
3) Restrict API access in various ways

## 1 Request Workflow
1) Authenticate - Who is the user?
2) Authorize - What perms does the user have?
3) Admission - Does a pod-creation request exceed the pod quota, etc. etc.
- `OPA - Works as a form of Admission Control`

## 2 Authentication
k8s API Requests - Tied to one of the following:
- Normal User
- Service Account
- Treated as Anonymous Requests

### Best Authentication Practices | Restriction
1) Don't Allow - Anonymous Access
2) K8s Insecure port -
3) API Server - Don't expose it to the outside
4) NodeRestriction - Restrict Access from Nodes to API
5) RBAC - Prevent Unauthorized Access
6) Pod-Access - Prevent pods from accessing API Server


## 3 PRACTICE
- `kube-apiserver --anonymouse-auth=true|false`
- 

## 4  

## QUESTIONS
1) How can you enable/disable anonymous access to the kube-apiserver? What is the default setting? Any issues with this?
- `kube-apiserver --anonymouse-auth=true|false`
- True. No, because RBAC/ABAC require explicit authorization anyways

2) How can you get a certificate from the kubeconfig using `kubectl config view`?
- Use "--raw flag"

3) When trying to hit the API Server, what certs/keys do you need from the KubeConfig [3]?
- certificate-authority-data, client-certificate-data, client-key-data

4) How can you find the API-Server's IP Address (via Kube Config)? 
- k config view -ojsonpath='{..server}'

5) Curl command to access API-Server with certs?
 - curl https://controlplane:6443 --cacert server.ca --cert client.ca --key client.key
