# Introduction/Overview

1) Introduction to OPA & Gatekeeper
2) Enforce Labels
3) Enforce Pod Replica Count

## 1 OPA | Overview

### OPA Overview
- Not k8s specific
- Easy policy implementation - Rego Language
- Works with JSON/YAML
- In K8s - Uses Admission Controllers
- Doesn't know - About Pods/Deployments (only JSON/YAML)

### OPA GateKeeper | Overview
- Installs CRDs - For OPA to Understand

#### How to Create CRDs
1) Create `Constraint Template` - Which then creates a `Constraint`
2) `Constraint` - Is a custom CRD, which implements `Constraint Template`
3) 

## 2 Admission Webhooks
https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/admission-controllers/

### Overview
- An admission controller is a piece of code that intercepts requests to the Kubernetes API server 
  prior to persistence of the object, but after the request is authenticated and authorized.
- There are two special controllers: MutatingAdmissionWebhook and ValidatingAdmissionWebhook. 
  These execute the mutating and validating (respectively) admission control webhooks which are configured in the API.
- Admission controllers may be "validating", "mutating", or both. 
  Mutating controllers may modify related objects to the requests they admit; validating controllers may not.
- Admission controllers limit requests to create, delete, modify objects or connect to proxy. They do not limit requests to read objects.


### Validating Admission Webhooks
1) 

### Mutating Admission Webhooks

## 3

## 4

## 5

## Questions
- https://dustinspecker.com/posts/open-policy-agent-introduction-gatekeeper/
- 

1) What type of Webhooks are available [2] What's the primary difference between the two?
- Mutating, Validating. Mutating can modify incoming objects, validating cannot. 

2) Where do mutating/validating webhooks lie in the admission control process?
- 1st-Mutating, 2nd-Validating 

3) What are the primary CRD's involved with OPA [2]? What is their relation?
- ConstraintTemplate, Constraint. Constraint is a custom object defined by the ConstraintTemplate.

4) List and elaborate on the primary fields involved with ConstraintTemplates [2]?
- spec.crd - Define your Constraint Object.
- spec.targets[] - List of Targets.

5) Where are conditions defined in ConstraintTemplates (Definition path)?
- spec.targets[].target.rego

6) What are some ConstraintTemplate gotchas [3]?
- name of ConstraintName must be the lowercase name of spec.crd.spec.names.kind
- target must be admission.k8s.gatekeeper.sh
- targets list may only have one target
- if ConstraintTemplate has invalid rego, the ConstraintTemplate’s status shows build errors

7) Constraint - Important Fields? 
- `spec.enforcementAction` - { dryrun, deny } // deny stops action, dryrun allows
- `spec.parameters` - Arbitrary (can be anything)
- `spec.match.kinds[]` - kind + apiGroups
```yaml
spec:
  enforcementAction: dryrun
  match:
    kinds:
      - apiGroups: [""]
        kinds: ["Pod"]
```

8) 
