# Introduction/Overview

1) Supply Chain
2) k8s & Container Registries
3) Validate/Whitelist Image & Registries

## 1 Secure Supply Chain
- 

## 2 K8s & Container Registries
- 

## 3 Image Policy Webhook
- Is an AdmissionController
- 

## 4

## 5


## Questions
1) How can you access images from a private image registry (command as well)? What additional step do you need?
- `k create secret docker-registry [REGISTRY] ..logins args`
- Patch default service account with ".imagePullSecrets.name: REGISTRY"

2) What flags need to be added/modified to enable the Image Policy Webhook on the API-Server? What else should you remember to do for the 2nd step?
- Add "ImagePolicyWebhook" to the "--enable-admission-plugins" flag
- `--admission-control-config-file=/etc/kubernetes/admission/admission_config.yaml`
- Add a volume-mount for `/etc/kubernetes/admission`

3) What does the `defaultAllow` flag specify for the `ImagePolicyWebhook`?
- If the external service is unavailable, deny all pod creation

4) What files are involved in ImagePolicyWebhook and what does each one do [2]?
- /etc/kubernetes/policywebhook/
  - admission_config.json - Configure kubeconf, defaultAllow, etc.
  - kubeconf - External Service address
  
5) ImagePolicyWebhook. Where can you configure the address of the external service? 
  - /etc/kubernetes/policywebhook/kubeconf - "clusters.server"

6) What's the format for images with digest? How can you get an images digest?
  - docker pull IMG && docker images --digests IMG
  - IMG@sha256:xxxxx

